Author: Luca Altaffer taltaffe@ucsc.edu

1. In this lab we created an RPG that works by manuvering through several files that have their own information and can be interacted with. In my opinion the hardest and most i mportant pieces of this lab was figuring out how to manuver through the different files given the commands and the NESW style to them. 

2. I started the lab, like always, by reading the lab manual first. I then proceded to strategise my code by drafting up pseudocode and making drawings to visualize things. Once I had a good understanding on how the the code would flow, I began to write the code and debugged as I went. I started with Player.c, moved onto Game.C then finally the main. After my time in the class, I beleived that this strategy worked well and is a good formula to continue with. I did ask for help when is came to my pseudocode and the logic of how I would approach things. I find that talking about my logic is a great way for me to truely understand the best approach.

3. In the end, the lab ended up working out. I must have spent the better parts of 4 days on this lab and enjoyed it. I think the whole RPG aspect of it gave it some character that made it seem fun. I noticed that Max Dunne likes to implement his fantasical interests when he gets a chance in classes. I thought we were well prepared for this lab, however I did find the Makefile part was not the most clear thing on the planet. I think several people in the class could agree with me on that. 