1. Authors: Luca Altaffer, was helped by roommate for buttons.c

2. In this lab we learned about events and transitioning between different states for a changes in event. For this more hardware intensive lab we interacted with the pic32 and uno to change states. I though teh important pieces in this lab is understanding what events are and how we it can be used as a tool to undergo transition in a system. Doing this in a physical manner using the hardware was also vert importatn for understanding. 

3. In this lab, I started by reading the lab manual then transitioned to thinking about the pseudocode for each part. Once I had an idea how to do each part I transitioned to coding. This appraoched worked well though I did need help with buttons.c. I think my steps were correct andt he only thing I would change would be to have mapped out buttons.c better

4. Coming from mechatronics, this lab was not very new to me. Taking much from what I learned in ECE 218 I was able to get through this lab with not many issues. This being said I did struggle slightly with the debouncing part of Buttons.c. My largest issues with the lab came from more technical and systemic issues. My linux based chromebook decided to corrupt all my linux files and I was unable to use my work laptop for a few days until I got it resolved on 2/14. I predominately worked from my personal PC and then transfered the files back onto my chromebook once I got it fixed. I did most of the testing there. The drivers related to the hardware did not want to re-install on my work computer for some unkown reason. I do not think this will affect the grading process but it is something worth mentioning as I am unable to test on my chromebook, the device I am submitting from. All in all, I thought this lab was agood refresher of what we did in mechatronics and I would have found it more helpful pre-mechatronics period. I spent about 3.5 days doing this lab. 